yeah smoking good down down my eyes are
looking super low nothing on my mom but
the green color picker love sex every
day I should work as a gigolo checks
every day y'all should work gets a
gigolo shit shit I start from the
beginning cuz I haven't crossed the
finish of I know I just been winning
think these niggas think i'm laying low
the fuck you think you get it i'm
enjoying this time off the mondays girl
from world's good flavor feeling better
now cooney's is ended up smoking on the
grass hope that counts as vegetables I
wish I'd you can get back in jail but
shit my time in mexico i'm out here
getting paper and just be a professional
and I can't get a paper head trust me
I'm a bitch no i'm out getting a paper
and just be I'm irrational all my
paychecks I'm just learning to just
attach it up you're tryna be a while to
you ever see me slack and I'm just
breaking bread why you niggas try to
laugh it up the best thing from the
bottom of that motherfucking plastica so
you against me me nigga I just wish you
luck cuz I gotta try bigger than a
fucking so much
thinking shit is hot nigga that sub know
we're playing sex if I don't give a
flying fuck because I'm willing fuck
unni's is here today the smoking on the
grass grass hope the houses vegetables i
wish i can get back in shower but shit
my time in mexico i'm out here getting
paper and just be a professional out
here getting a paper head just speak up
a bitch no I'm now taking a paper and
your doctor skip my lateness but I'm
always tardy who couldn't overcome me
and my sure there's no sandbox for the
playing dirty there's another stashed it
I gotta bury cuz like wish for the money
always sir see each other judge my buck
declares you can't waste time is great
stir because I'm halfway to I reach my
thirties only make history I know the
last money only thing I'm intellicast I
drink so much like I make irish bad the
repub up i can so Derek rap niggas world
I'm cool with that you want my shake
clean team I've ever trying to make a
buck you can do the math come on get you
feeling better and better Cooney's is
find a no smoking crack houses
vegetables I wish I can't get back in
trouble but shit my timing flexball i'm
out here getting everybody just be
aboriginal now here getting a paper
ahead just me young it's mind-boggling
as I'm
let me tell you fucku nieces and adult
smoking on the grass hope that councils
fashion bows I wish I can't get back at
y'all but shit my timing flexible I'm
out here getting paper and trust me i'm
a bitch come out here getting a paper
head trust me I'm from bitch you know
I'm out here get your paper and crispy
our vision of okay good now now my eyes
are looking super low nothing on my mom
but the green colored Baker victims okay
good now now my eyes are looking super
low nothing on my mom but the green
color picker liquor